
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. 
Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself 
with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.

Question 1
--> Using a subquery, find the names of all the tracks for the album "Californication".
✅ select t.name
  from albums a, tracks t
  where a.title="Californication" and a.albumid=t.albumid
--> What is the title of the 8th track?
✅ Porcelain 

Question 2
--> Find the total number of invoices for each customer along with the customer's full name, city and email.
✅ select c.firstname, c.lastname, c.email, sum(i.invoiceid) as total
  from customers c, invoices i
  where c.customerid=i.customerid
  group by c.customerid
--> After running the query described above, what is the email address of the 5th person, František Wichterlová?
    Enter the answer below (feel free to copy and paste).
✅ frantisekw@jetbrains.com  

Question 3
--> Retrieve the track name, album, artistID, and trackID for all the albums.
✅ select t.name, a.title, ar.artistid, t.trackid
  from albums a, tracks t, artists ar 
  where a.albumid=t.albumid and ar.artistid=a.artistid
--> What is the song title of trackID 12 from the "For Those About to Rock We Salute You" album? Enter the answer below.
✅ Breaking The Rules

Question 4
--> Retrieve a list with the managers last name, and the last name of the employees who report to him or her.
✅ SELECT M.LastName AS Manager, 
       E.LastName AS Employee
  FROM Employees E INNER JOIN Employees M 
  ON E.ReportsTo = M.EmployeeID
--> What is the title of the 8th track?
✅ Callahan
✅ King

Question 5
--> Find the name and ID of the artists who do not have albums. 
✅ select  ar.name, ar.artistid
  from artists ar
  where ar.artistid not in (select artistid from albums)
--> After running the query described above, two of the records returned have the same last name. Enter that name below.
✅ Gilberto

Question 6
--> Use a UNION to create a list of all the employee's and customer's first names and last names ordered by the last name in descending order.
✅ SELECT FirstName, LastName
  FROM Employees
  UNION
  SELECT FirstName, LastName
  FROM Customers
  ORDER BY LastName DESC
-->After running the query described above, determine what is the last name of the 6th record? Enter it below.
    Remember to order things in descending order to be sure to get the correct answer.
✅ Taylor

Question 7
--> See if there are any customers who have a different city listed in their billing city versus their customer city.
✅ select c.lastname
  from customers c, invoices i
  where c.customerid=i.customerid and c.city<>i.billingcity
--> Indicate your answer below.
✅ No customers have a different city listed in their billing city versus customer city.



